Use correct wording (#2734)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: docs/topics/shared-mutable-state-and-concurrency.md

[//]: # (title: Shared mutable state and concurrency)

> Coroutines can be executed parallely using a multi-threaded dispatcher like the [Dispatchers.Default]. It presents
> all the usual concurrency problems. The main problem being synchronization of access to **shared mutable state**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coroutines can be executed parallelly using a multi-threaded dispatcher like the [Dispatchers.Default]. It presents
all the usual parallelism problems. The main problem being synchronization of access to **shared mutable state**. 
```
